In a previous video,
we have identified the corrupt records in our logs3 data frame,
but we were not sure that there aren't any other rules that
the timestamp might not be a proper long way.
So in the next few minutes,
maybe I create an accumulator and count the number of
lines for the verification of the timestamp fails.
Let's start with defining an accumulator.
The accumulators initial value should be zero, and so it is.
The second step is to create a function that will increment
this accumulator at incorrect record will do just that.
Now, we just need a user-defined function that we can apply to
the DataFrame and check the timestamp values in each row.
Correct, this is a function now that returns one if the value is a digit,
or increments the incorrect record number, otherwise.
Let's add a new column called ts_digit to
logs3 by applying the correct ts function to the timestamp column in logs3.
So this should give us a one in case the time stamp is a digit,
and should increment the counter, otherwise.
I've also added a filter here to make
sure that we are only looking at records that are not corrupt.
So the corrupt record column should be null.
Let's check the value of our accumulator,
it's still zero, why is that?
We may just not have any records here,
that a non-digit timestamp,
or there is a might be that Spark uses lazy evaluation,
so since we didn't require any actions here,
you may just not read anything yet.
So let's just collect logs3 to trigger the withColumn method.
So we just collected everything,
as you can see, we have this new column called ts_digit,
and if we check the value of the incorrect records,
we see that the value is four.
So let's check how those records look like.
So we have four rows here,
ts_digit is none in all four cases,
and if we look for the timestamps,
you can see that there is a C here,
which is an ABC there,
so these are definitely not numbers.
So what happens if the,
check the value again, now BC 12.
As we mentioned before,
accumulators can be quite useful,
but they are not either important,
and we'll increment the counter whenever DR code that had be retained
after the task failure or even if the address part of an execution done multiple times.
So by calling logs3 again,
checking its ts_digit column for null values,
and collecting it back,
we added the four incorrect records to
our counter two more times and ended up with a value of 12.
So while accumulators can be very useful,
make sure that you use them carefully.